README.md, before:

<div align="center">

  <img src="assets/logo.png" alt="logo" width="200" height="auto" />
  <h1>Spotify2mp3</h1>
  
  <p>
    Simple free and unlimited Spotify MP3 playlist downloads
  </p>
  
  
<!-- Badges -->
<p>
  <a href="https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3/graphs/contributors">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/couldbejake/spotify2mp3" alt="contributors" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/couldbejake/spotify2mp3" alt="last update" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3/network/members">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/couldbejake/spotify2mp3" alt="forks" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3/stargazers">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/couldbejake/spotify2mp3" alt="stars" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3/issues/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/couldbejake/spotify2mp3" alt="open issues" />
  </a>
  
  <!--
  <a href="https://github.com/couldbejake/awesome-readme-template/blob/master/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/couldbejake/awesome-readme-template.svg" alt="license" />
  </a>-->
</p>
   
<h4>
    <a href="https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3/wiki">Documentation</a>
  <span> · </span>
    <a href="https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3/issues">Report Bug</a>
  <span> · </span>
    <a href="https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3/issues/new">Request Feature</a>
  </h4>
</div>

<!-- Getting Started -->
## 	:toolbox: Getting Started

<!-- Prerequisites -->
### :bangbang: Prerequisites

This project uses Python 3.8

<!-- Run Locally -->
### :running: Run Locally

Clone the project

`$ git clone https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3.git`

<!-- Installation -->
### :gear: Installation

Install desired packages using PIP 3.8

`$ pip3.8 install -r requirements.txt`

Go to the project directory

`$ cd spotify2mp3 `

Run the script

`$ python3.8 run.py`

## Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=couldbejake/spotify2mp3&type=Date)](https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3/)

Commit message:

Added details about where to find spotify URL link

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

  <img src="assets/logo.png" alt="logo" width="200" height="auto" />
  <h1>Spotify2mp3</h1>
  
  <p>
    Simple free and unlimited Spotify MP3 playlist downloads
  </p>
  
  
<!-- Badges -->
<p>
  <a href="https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3/graphs/contributors">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/couldbejake/spotify2mp3" alt="contributors" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/couldbejake/spotify2mp3" alt="last update" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3/network/members">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/couldbejake/spotify2mp3" alt="forks" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3/stargazers">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/couldbejake/spotify2mp3" alt="stars" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3/issues/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/couldbejake/spotify2mp3" alt="open issues" />
  </a>
  
  <!--
  <a href="https://github.com/couldbejake/awesome-readme-template/blob/master/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/couldbejake/awesome-readme-template.svg" alt="license" />
  </a>-->
</p>
   
<h4>
    <a href="https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3/wiki">Documentation</a>
  <span> · </span>
    <a href="https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3/issues">Report Bug</a>
  <span> · </span>
    <a href="https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3/issues/new">Request Feature</a>
  </h4>
</div>

<!-- Getting Started -->
## 	:toolbox: Getting Started

<!-- Prerequisites -->
### :bangbang: Prerequisites

This project uses Python 3.8

<!-- Run Locally -->
### :running: Run Locally

Clone the project

`$ git clone https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3.git`

<!-- Installation -->
### :gear: Installation

Install desired packages using PIP 3.8

`$ pip3.8 install -r requirements.txt`

Go to the project directory

`$ cd spotify2mp3 `

Run the script

`$ python3.8 run.py`

## Getting spotify playlist URL

When prompted for a spotify URL link you will want to go to the [spotify web player](https://open.spotify.com/) and navigate to your playlist. The URL will be in the form `https://open.spotify.com/playlist/<URL Link>` copy **just** the URL link (should just be letters and numbers), and paste that into the prompt.

## Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=couldbejake/spotify2mp3&type=Date)](https://github.com/couldbejake/spotify2mp3/)
